# Honours-Project
The Code Used In the Honours Project

ConsensusClusterinScript - the code used to cluster the MatrisomeOnly and AllProtein dataset in R (using the Consensus Cluster R package). Current code is for the AllProteins dataset - the details of the minor alterations between the AllProtein and MatrisomeOnly iterations of this script are given in the in-code comments.

ConsensusClusterPrep - transformed the MatrisomeOny and AllProtein datasets into a format more suitable for the Consensus Cluster package.

TranscriptClustering - the code used to cluster the transcript members of the DE (differential expression) dataset that had protein counterparts in the MatrisomeOnly dataset. 

MatrisomeOverlaps - created a trimmed version of the DE dataset, that only contained transcripts with protein counterparts in the MatrisomeOnly dataset.

MatrisomeOverlapClusterin - the code used to cluster the trimmed DE dataset.

TranscriptClustering - the first attempt to cluster the entire, untrimmed DE dataset; this failed due to my laptop's lack of RAM.

proteomeVtranscriptomeConsensus - the code used to compare the cluster assignments generated by the proteomic and transcriptomic data.

ClusterMemberships - code used to create cluster specific excel spreadsheets for the MatrisomeOnly proteomic cluster protein abundance levels; this made it easier to create cluster-specific boxplots in R.

Boxplotting - the R code used to produce Boxplots of the protein abundance levels seeen in each MatrisomeOnly proteomic cluster.

AllProteinBoxplotting - the R code used to produce Boxplots of the protein abundance levels seen in each AllProtein proteomic cluster.

GeneManiaPrep - code used to generate text lists of MatrisomeOnly proteomic clusters 1 and 2 memberships, so that these lists could easily be copy and pasted into GeneMania; this lists were also later copy pasted into DAVID.

TranscriptGOPrep - code used to extact both the cluster membership lists for the transcriptomic clusters (so they could be used in Gene Ontology analyses) but also to extract the lists of cluster members shared between the various proteomic and transcriptomic clusters.

Overlaps - code that extracted the transcript counterparts of the MatrisomeOnly proteomic clusters 1 and 2 from the DE dataset. There is a small mistake in this code (Cluster 2 is mistakenly refered to as Resolvable, and Cluster 1 is mistakenly refered to as Augmented) but this did not affect further analysis.

OverlapBoxplotting - the R code used to create boxplots for overlapping transcriptomic/proteomic cluster members described in 'Overlaps'. Current code is for Cluster 2; only minor alterations were needed to apply this same code to Cluster 1.
